# License

## Definitions

- **"AlphaSense"** means AlphaSense Inc., or any entity controlled by it, which controls it, or which is under common control.

- **"Repository"** means any repository hosted on GitHub that contains this License, the Software, and any other content included therein. It may not be
  hosted elsewhere. The origin of the Repository is
  [https://github.com/AlphaSense-Engineering/privatecloud-cli](https://github.com/AlphaSense-Engineering/privatecloud-cli), but this License may be included
  within other repositories as well, such as when the Repository is forked on GitHub. When this License is included within another Repository, the terms of
  this License shall also apply to the content of that Repository.

- **"Software"** means any binaries, source code, documentation, or other content included in the Repository, irrespective of which Repository that content is
  hosted in.

- **"Open Source Software" or "OSS"** means any computer software that is distributed under a license in which the copyright holder grants users the right to
  use, study, change, and distribute the software and its source code to anyone and for any purpose.

- **"Third-Party Components"** means any third-party component that may be included in the Software, including its binaries, source code, documentation, or
  other content.

- **"Contribution"** means any code, documentation, issues, feedback, suggestions, improvements, or other content submitted or that is to be submitted to the
  Software or that is related to the Software. This includes, but is not limited to, direct contributions, pull requests, issue creation, feedback,
  suggestions, improvements, or any other form of submission.

- **"Contributor"** means any person(s) or legal entity (or entities) that submit(s) or seek(s) to make a Contribution to the Software.

- **"You," "Your," "User," and similar terms** mean the person(s) or legal entity (or entities) that use(s) or seek(s) to use the Software.

## Terms and Conditions

The License relates to Software which AlphaSense is willing to supply to particular Users of its products.

The Software is relevant only for those who want to use all or part of AlphaSense Enterprise Intelligence offering.

The Software is published publicly at [https://github.com/AlphaSense-Engineering/privatecloud-cli](https://github.com/AlphaSense-Engineering/privatecloud-cli),
but, for the avoidance of doubt, is not OSS.

To use the Software, User agree to comply with the terms of this License and agree only to use the Software in accordance with Terms and Conditions set forth
below. If You do not agree to the Terms and Conditions outlined in this document, do not use the Software.

Therefore, in consideration of the provision of the Software, the User agrees to the following **Terms and Conditions**:

By using this Software, You acknowledge that You are bound by the License.

The License grants AlphaSense all rights, title, and interests to the Software, hosted in any Repository.

Your use of the Third-Party Components must comply with their respective licenses, legal notices and terms, and AlphaSense is not responsible for ensuring
such compliance.

Your use of the Software is governed by the terms detailed in the License. The latest version of the License will be applicable to all versions of the
Software, hosted in any Repository, whether they were created prior to the update of the License or not. The latest version of the License is available at
[https://github.com/AlphaSense-Engineering/privatecloud-cli/blob/main/LICENSE.md](https://github.com/AlphaSense-Engineering/privatecloud-cli/blob/main/LICENSE.md)
(or any successor or updated link in the future).

Any breach of the License or any unauthorized redistribution, modification, or use of the Software other than for its intended purpose as outlined by
AlphaSense may result in immediate action, including but not limited to termination of Your License and/or legal action. This provision also extends to the
content of the Repository.

Prohibited actions include, but are not limited to:

- Redistributing the Software in any form, such as binary, source code, or documentation, in whole or in part, across any medium, including physical,
  electronic, or digital platforms like GitHub or GitLab, including any forks or Internet-accessible clones of the Repository, with the exception of forks on
  GitHub that do not modify the Software in any way without the explicit written permission of AlphaSense, provided that any permitted redistribution does not
  violate the terms of the License, and the Software remains publicly accessible (but, for the avoidance of doubt, is not considered OSS).

- Modifying the Software in any manner.

- Creating derivative works based on the Software.

- Using the Software for purposes other than its original intent, as outlined at
  [https://github.com/AlphaSense-Engineering/privatecloud-cli/blob/main/README.md](https://github.com/AlphaSense-Engineering/privatecloud-cli/blob/main/README.md)
  (or any successor or updated link in the future).

- Using the Software in ways that do not align with the best interests of AlphaSense.

AlphaSense is not responsible for any damages or losses resulting from the use of the Software, including but not limited to any data loss, system
interruption or failure, or other issues.

AlphaSense is not obligated to provide any support, maintenance, or updates for the Software. You are solely responsible and assume all risk for the use of
the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, OBLIGATIONS, AND LIABILITIES TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE LAW, WHETHER
THEY ARE EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, CONTINUOUS SERVICE, AND
NONINFRINGEMENT.

IN NO EVENT SHALL ALPHASENSE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER LIABILITY, DIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE OR MISUSE OF THE LICENSE.

ALPHASENSE IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE SOFTWARE AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INJURY, OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND.

## Contributions

While Contributions to the Software are generally not expected, AlphaSense may consider Contributions that align with its goals and standards. Any potential
Contributors should contact AlphaSense for guidance and permission before proceeding. Contributions to the Software will be subject to the same terms and
conditions as the rest of the Software and will be the exclusive property of AlphaSense. Any and all rights, title, and interests to the contributed Software
are hereby transferred to AlphaSense. You agree that any Contributions submitted shall be original and will not infringe upon the intellectual property or
other rights of any third party.

Any Contributor hereby irrevocably grants AlphaSense, on a perpetual, worldwide, exclusive and royalty-free basis, all intellectual property rights over such
Contributions.

AlphaSense reserves the right to update the License at any time without explicit approval from any Contributors of the Software.

## Inquiries

For inquiries regarding the Software, please contact AlphaSense directly. For up-to-date contact information, please see
[https://alpha-sense.com](https://alpha-sense.com).

## Governing Law

In all jurisdictions, this License and Your use of the Software is governed by the laws of the State of New York in the United States of America. Unless
explicitly agreed upon in writing by AlphaSense, the Terms and Conditions outlined in this document are the sole Terms and Conditions applicable to the
Software.

Copyright 2025 AlphaSense Inc. All rights reserved.
